  Контролируй Свои Деньги!
Кошелек BANK - это безопасный и полностью децентрализованный крипто-кошелек на iOS, который поддерживает основные криптовалюты, включая Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash и токены ERC 20. Количество поддерживаемых валют постепенно добавляется с каждым релизом.

Кошелек BANK обеспечивает удобный способ пользоваться биткоинами и другими криптовалютами. 
 Вам не нужно знать, как работают криптовалюты, чтобы иметь возможность ее использовать.
Кошелек был разработан с использованием лучших наработок, от разработки дизайна до применений протоколов блокчейна.


  НЕЗАВИСИМЫЙ И ДЕЦЕНТРАЛИЗОВАННЫЙ
Кошелек BANK полностью децентрализованный, работоспособность этого приложения не зависит от серверов. Его нельзя остановить или заблокировать.  Кошелек подключается напрямую к крипто-валютным сетям, например к биткоин сети.  Такой подход позволяет кошельку BANK работать в любом месте без ограничений  Only the user is in control of the money.
Most crypto wallet apps out there are centralized. The funds are stored on a remote server which is operated by the wallet provider. Due to the unregulated nature of the cryptocurrencies there are no mechanisms in place to guarantee that a wallet provider doesn't cheat or that provider's servers not get hacked.
Being a fully decentralized app the BANK wallet implements all of its functionality in a decentralized manner. Every single feature in the app is implemented in a decentralized manner substantially increasing the security and privacy aspects of the wallet.
There are no centrally managed servers that can fail, and as a result stop app from functioning.

  Secure & Open Source
The entire code of the BANK wallet is public and open-source, giving an option for anyone to analyze all of its code. It works exactly as shown in the code. It can't cheat!
The BANK wallet stores user's private keys and funds encrypted on a device itself using secure native storage mechanisms provided by iOS operating systems. Only user can access and use his or her funds.
In case of a device loss or replacement the user may easily restore the wallet using a secret 12-word recovery phrase. Infact, with the help of these secret phrase the user may restore the wallet and access funds on any deterministic wallet (aka HD wallet) not just the BANK wallet 

NOTE: DO NOT install the BANK wallet on a jailbroken device due to substantial security risks. A jailbroken iOS operating system cannot guarantee the security of your private keys. This means that some malicious app running on jailbroken device can potentially access the private keys for your funds and steal them.

DISCLAIMER:

1. This Wallet is in its early days and just like any other software product it may have undiscovered issues which may potentially result in wallet having problems, like say the loss of access to specific transactions. While the wallet has been thoroughly tested over and over no one can say for sure that it's error-free. We believe it to be very secure, more than any crypto currency app out there.

2. DO NOT EVER install the BANK wallet on a jailbroken or tempered device due to substantial security risks. A jailbroken iOS cannot guarantee the security of your private keys. This means that some malicious app running on jailbroken device can potentially access the private keys for your funds and steal them.

3. Source Code: https://github.com/horizontalsystems

