  成为你自己的银行吧！
钱包银行是一个安全且完全分散的加密钱包应用程序，支持主要加密货币，包括比特币，比特币Cash和ERC20代币。 支持货币的数量在每一个版本都会逐渐增加
这个银行钱包向大众提供无缝地使用比特币和其他的加密货币的方式。 使用这个软件，您不需要了解加密货币的内部运作
它用从接口设计领域里吸收最佳的做法来构建区块链协议的一种方法。

  分散独立
这种银行钱包是完全对等及分散管理的 它不能被停止、阻塞或取下 这个钱包无须其中的机构能直接连接货币网（其中包括比特币等等） Such approach enables the BANK wallet to operate anywhere and remain censorship-resistant. Only the user is in control of the money.
Most crypto wallet apps out there are centralized. The funds are stored on a remote server which is operated by the wallet provider. Due to the unregulated nature of the cryptocurrencies there are no mechanisms in place to guarantee that a wallet provider doesn't cheat or that provider's servers not get hacked.
Being a fully decentralized app the BANK wallet implements all of its functionality in a decentralized manner. Every single feature in the app is implemented in a decentralized manner substantially increasing the security and privacy aspects of the wallet.
There are no centrally managed servers that can fail, and as a result stop app from functioning.

  Secure & Open Source
The entire code of the BANK wallet is public and open-source, giving an option for anyone to analyze all of its code. It works exactly as shown in the code. It can't cheat!
The BANK wallet stores user's private keys and funds encrypted on a device itself using secure native storage mechanisms provided by iOS and Android operating systems. Only user can access and use his or her funds.
In case of a device loss or replacement the user may easily restore the wallet using a secret 12-word recovery phrase. Infact, with the help of these secret phrase the user may restore the wallet and access funds on any deterministic wallet (aka HD wallet) not just the BANK wallet 
NOTE: DO NOT install the BANK wallet on a jailbroken device due to substantial security risks. A jailbroken iOS or Android operating system cannot guarantee the security of your private keys. This means that some malicious app running on jailbroken device can potentially access the private keys for your funds and steal them.
